Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture region are displayed, you uploaded video data.
Okay, not to do this.
We're going to need to go to the video screen.
Okay.
Now, the first thing we're gonna need to do is to have access to this variable.
We have a card.
Video.
Right.
Okay.
They didn't have to have access to this variable were first needs to have access to this class card
video controller.
Okay.
Not to do this, we're gonna need to go to the video.
Sorry.
The video screen.
And now we can use control and B to make this wide.
Okay.
Now, over here, we're going to create a final variable and we can specify it is a type of video controller.
Video controller, not a video player.
Controller.
Okay.
And they're going to call this video on this car video controller.
And is going to be equal parts you get.
Okay.
Kaminsky the Hodges then?
Okay, then thoughts?
Put.
Okay.
I think that what we can do is a light use contract does.
And.
Okay.
Okay they're going to be important from this gets less gets the K.
And now we can then pass the video controller class.
Video controller.
And colleagues.
Okay, great.
Now this is basically it.
Okay, now over here.
Okay.
Seven.
Now we're going to need to scroll down.
And.
O'REILLY What is page view?
We are going to rob this page of you with something known as obese.
What this will do is immediately a user uploads a video.
It is automatically updated in the UI without having any user to refresh to city reset video.
Okay, not to do this, Robert, I need to wrap this.
Page view.
It's something known as what's obvious, but to not to have access to that obvious properties.
What we can do is we can rob this with extreme view.
The first like wrap with widgets.
And stream.
So we can on to this.
I do like this.
I twas before.
And now we can.
Our lights use controlled dots.
Like we have it over here.
Wrap with stream view there.
Okay.
And now we are going to need to change this to obvious because we want immediately to user a user uploads
a video.
We don't want any user currently or light to refresh.
We just wanted the video to be displayed.
That's why it's okay.
And now we need to get rid of this.
Right?
And as well gets rid of what we have.
Over a year.
Okay.
And as well.
Get rid of boats.
Okay.
Sorry.
Now use control and save kiddies our maze.
Okay.
Is going to handle this.
So you see, it is so you don't make any mistakes.
Okay.
Now what we can.
Do know is to commit this.
Okay.
And over year.
We can create a rainbow to hold that fear to a hood, that rainbow we have.
Okay.
In the video controller, it can cause real data and is going to be equal to the underscore.
Video controller.
Right.
And now we can.
Assess the river by saying dots video at least.
Okay.
And now you're going to need to say we want to assess each video.
By passing the index and over, you think we need a semicolon?
Okay.
Now we can then core the data downwards.
Video.
Video URL.
Okay.
We need you to come over here.
And as well, because we need to get rid of this and then say these are the war.
User name.
Okay.
Scroll down and.
Get rid of this.
And this is going to be data the white cap shot.
Okay.
It's going down and.
Get rid of this.
It's going to be data.
That's what song name.
Okay.
Now for the likes, we need size.
We'll see.
Data.
That's.
Though.
Okay.
Nice.
And we need to.
This is a list.
So we need to say that Lance.
And that's the string.
Okay.
And.
For this.
There's going to be data, though.
What comments?
Counts, I think.
Okay.
And.
Get rid of this and this.
There's going to be data that share.
Okay.
So we also need to provide this to.
A string.
And so string.
Okay.
I think recorded what?
Touch.
Share what?
Acacia accounts.
Okay.
And lastly, for the five foot two.
It's going to be data that was certified.
Two.
Okay.
I think this is basically.
It's.
And now we can give this an order.
Is that.
And wait for this.
And hopefully we've got the Harris.
Definitely.
We're going to get no Harris.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
So for that, I'm just going to get rid of this.
Okay.
Still just starting.
And it's going to take some time and.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
Now let's check this out.
Okay.
Now we have this error.
And the reason for this error is we need to specify now how many video we have.
So we need to get rid of this and we're going to need to call that video controller.
Right.
Video controller and assess the verbal video list.
Then that meant, okay.
I think for now we have two videos now how to start this.
Hard to start this all three stages and.
Okay.
Now, we're not going to get any higher ups.
No user you give the the user name and testing and capture that is the best is going to wait for this
to display the profile.
--.
That's what issues.
Okay.
You can see the video.
You can screen this plane and we are waiting for.
The four to.
You're just going to check?
Okay.
They tied the profits?
Yeah, it's correct.
Okay.
You can sit over here.
Sounds good, right?
Okay.
I think we also have for this over here, you're just gonna check that out?
Now, the reason we are using this, Will, is I'm just going to come to this again.
The reason we are using this OBE as is immediately.
The user uploads a video.
We don't want any user to refresh the screen in order to see any recent video.
So by using this obvious it merely is uploads a video.
Just going to pop out over a year without having any user to stretch for more videos.
Okay.
You can see so many videos keep coming and as these are keep going this way, new videos are just going
to be popping up with lots of new user to it that are any current logged in user to refresh to see recent
videos.
So that's what basically this will be is does.
Okay.
And you can see over here we have the video controller, Nevada's video released this video.
This video is in the video controller class.
You can see to their.
You can see it over here.
At the moment.
At this stage, we made the video list empty and you can see we made this private.
In other words, we cannot access is disagreeable aside this fi.
So all we did was to override desirable.
So allow has been able to what's referred to what is it?
You can see why we are transferring the value to this variable and over yet we are on a loop.
And now you can see over here we are had then this data to this video list.
Right.
Okay.
And over here, in order to access this video these were first needs to assess what the video controller.
And that's why we have to initialize it over a year.
Well, you.
Yeah.
Okay.
They know that to make our code more cleaner over here, we created a finer variable and called the
rainbow data and we said is equal to the video list.
Honest Service is quoted on this call video controller.
And now we can assess the video, please.
And then we want to be able to assess each item.
That was why we have to pass in the intense.
And over here we are in the video your real.
We are assessing the user name, the culture and audience.
And you can see we got Harris.
You can as well scroll to the next video and you're going to see Papa Bear.
You can see the user name, the capture and the song and everything.
And for the now, we have no we have no likes.
We have no comment and we have no share.
We just have this.
Continuous in the round that circle foots.
The ACC is working.
Okay, guys, see you in the next picture.